---
layout: post
section-type: post
title: Our Busking Crew In Melbourne
category: Busking
tags: [ 'contact juggling', 'busking', 'Melbourne' ]
---

![Yannick, Max, Sarah, Me and Sally](/thefilthywizard/img/yannick_max_sarah_me_sally.jpg)

As the light went red for 1 minute and 45 seconds at the highway exit at
the M3 on hoddle str in melbourne, we jumped out in front of the waiting
cars and performed a juggling show for them like they havenâ€™t seen
before. Devil sticks, contact balls, hoola hoobs and pois were swung in
front of them and when the light for the cars turned green, we had
finished our show, asked for a donation by holding our hats out and went
off the street. Every two and a half minutes we started a new show, for
a completely new audience. That was our life in Melbourne for about
three months and we loved it!

There was Sarah swinging the hoolahoob, Sally rocking with pois,
Fiametta rebelling with sticks, Skipp mastering juggling with 7 balls,
Yannick and Max with devil sticks as well as me with contact balls. We
were all travellers in our 20s from different corners of the earth and
within one month we grew together as a crew of street artists. A part of
us lived together in a beautiful big house with a beautiful garden. In
the mornings we made smoothies from fruits that have been saved from the
trash. Then we painted our faces, dressed up and performed for one to
three hours a day in the streets of Melbourne. Usually we performed at
the traffic lights as they were most fun and most profitable. Afterwards
we enjoyed the rest of the day jamming in a park or at lentil as
anything. This was our daily life and it was full of colors, laughs and
joy. Our pockets were full of money and our social circle was getting
bigger every day. 

![Busking in St. Kilda](/thefilthywizard/img/busking_in_st_kilda.jpg)

### Busking in St. Kilda

On the weekends we
drove out into the bush to recreational tribal gatherings where mostly
ambient trance and progressive trance music was played all through the
day and the night for a crowd of usually not more than 1000 people. In
the middle of the forrest where the trees shoot up into the sky, in
front of a lake or on a hill, we were dancing to the beat together;
learning, sharing, teaching and serving each other.

![Yannick, Max, Sarah, Me and Sally](/thefilthywizard/img/sally_max_sarah.jpg)

When the winter knocked on
Melbournes doors, most of us split ways. Some went to the north, others
to different shores, some went to their homecountry and others stayed.
Looking back I feel immensely grateful for this great, great time. The
late summer 2013 in Melbourne will always remain in my heart as a very
special time. A time in which I felt home, a time which truly
revolutionized my life. It taught me how to perform in the streets and
how to become an artist.  The traffic light jam helped us all to express
ourself and it made us all feel a little bit more professional. Although
we were far from professional, it was a great start. It made us feel
appreciated about what we love doing and with more practice and effort
we would be able to perform on festivals, cabaret shows and resorts.
Suddenly we lived the dream and the whole experience was just the start
of something that will last for our lifetime.  Apart from learning how
to earn some coins and bills together, we grew to something much more
than that. We became a family, our own traveling circus family. Without
them I would not be where I am now. My friends helped me to progress, to
learn and to rediscover the joy of juggling. I will never forget this.

#### The busking crew of Melbourne on youtube
[![The busking crew of Melbourne on youtube](http://img.youtube.com/vi/6RIEL4BvAuk/0.jpg)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6RIEL4BvAuk)


